README.md, before:

# binary-cmc: Disassembly Soundness Validation

binary-cmc is a tool that automatically validates the soundness of a disassembly process.

binary-cmc structure:

    benchmark

    micro-benchmark

    src

    LICENSE

    README.md


Prerequisites:

    python3 (>= 3.7.1)

    java (>=11.0.2)

    objdump (>= 2.30)


Note:

    -- The compiled binary files for Coreutils are located at binary-cmc/benchmark/coreutils-build

    -- The test cases used in Section 5.2 is stored in binary-cmc/litmus-test


Apply binary-cmc to construct a CFG on a specific file disasembled by a disassembler and get the information regarding # of instructions and unreachable instructions ...

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-build -l benchmark/coreutils-radare2 -t radare2 -f basename



Apply binary-cmc to validate the soundness and report all the incorrectly disassembled instructions after the CFG is constructed

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-build -l benchmark/coreutils-radare2 -t radare2 -f basename -s



Use binary-cmc to build up the CFG for all the files under a directory

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-build -l benchmark/coreutils-radare2 -t radare2 -b



Use binary-cmc to validate the soundness of all the files under a directory after the CFGs are constructed

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-build -l benchmark/coreutils-radare2 -t radare2 -b -s

Commit message:

Modified the readme file and re-test on some closed-source Windows executables

README.md, after:

# WinCheck: A Concolic Model Checker for Pointer-Related Properties on Windows Binaries

# Introduction
WinCheck is a model checker that automatically detects pointer-related security properties on Windows executables. The validated properties include buffer overflow, user-after-free, and null-pointer dereference.

# Setup
WinCheck structure:

    benchmark
    src
    LICENSE
    README.md

Prerequisites:

    python3 (>= 3.7.1)
    java (>=11.0.2)
    IDA Pro (>= 7.6)
    
# IDA Pro results

To ensure WinCheck could be applied on the outputs generated by IDA Pro disassembler, we used an *ida_struct.info* file to keep record of all the struct type information defined by IDA Pro disassembler. Currently, the recorded struct type is sufficient for the testing on our benchmark. If you need to test IDA Pro on some other test cases and some of the IDA-defined struct type is unrecognizable, you could add the corresponding information in the *ida_struct.info* file. The *offset* indicates the offset of corresponding item in the struct.

    struct name: 
      item_name: offset, item_type (? represents undefined or unknown type)

# Note

    -- The binary files for Coreutils are located at benchmark/coreutils-5.3.0-bin/bin
    -- The closed-source Windows executables are under the directory benchmark/pe_benchmark
    -- The overall result is stored in a .output file, and the logging information is in a .log file

# Running test cases

Apply WinCheck to detect pointer-related properties for a binary file in the Coreutils library

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-5.3.0-bin/bin -l benchmark/coreutils-5.3.0-idapro -s 32 -f basename.exe

Use WinCheck to detect pointer-related properties for the whole Coreutils library

    $ python -m src.main -e benchmark/coreutils-5.3.0-bin/bin -l benchmark/coreutils-5.3.0-idapro -s 32 -b

Use WinCheck to detect pointer-related properties for a closed-source Windows executable

    $ python -m src.main -l benchmark/pe_benchmark -e benchmark/pe_benchmark -s 32 -f HOSTNAME.EXE
